This directory contains the source for a template LV2 plugin with MIDI and
GUI support. You will need the following software in order to build it:

 * gtkmm 2.4 or later
 * lv2peg 0.1.145 or later

To start writing a new plugin with this template as a basis, all 
you need to do is to choose a unique URI for your new plugin, replace 
all occurances of "http://change.this.uri/to/something/else" with your
URI in the files manifest.ttl and myplugin.ttl, and then edit the Makefile 
and set the PLUGIN_NAME variable to some nice name. This is the name that 
will be used as the directory name of the LV2 bundle and any source 
distributions you make using 'make dist', so it should not contain any 
spaces or funny characters. You may also want to change the doap:name in 
myplugin.ttl to something else, but that is not strictly necessary.

All ports of the plugin are specified in the file myplugin.ttl, and the
actual implementation is in myplugin.cpp. These are the files you are going
to edit when you write your plugin. The example implementation is a very
simple synth that produces sine waves with different frequencies depending
on the last received Note On event.

There is also a plugin GUI defined in the file myplugin_gtk.cpp. It's not very
exciting, it's just a slider that controls the gain of the example plugin,
but hopefully it is enough for you to figure out how to add more controller
widgets of different types. The GUI is started automatically by Elven, but
no other hosts support it. The GUI protocol may also change in the future,
breaking your existing GUIs. Use with caution. If you want to disable the GUI
you can just remove the line 'll:gtk2Gui <myplugin_gtk.so>;' from 
myplugin.ttl - the GUI will still be built, but lv2host will not launch it.

The code in this directory is licensed under two different licenses:

* lv2.h, lv2-miditype.h, lv2-midifunctions.h, and lv2-gtk2gui.h are licensed 
  under the LGPL, the full text of which is in the file COPYING.LGPL

* All other source files are licensed under the GPL, the full text of which
  is in the file COPYING.GPL

Since the GPL is a copyleft license this means that your plugin also must 
be licensed under the GPL.


Mail questions, comments, and suggestions to <lars.luthman@gmail.com>
